Content security policy (#922)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk.mdx

If it gives an `undefined` error, you need to verify the SDK installation.

## Allowlist destination domain

> While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy (CSP). A CSP adds an extra layer of protection from any type of cross-site scripting, clickjacking, and data injection attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy (CSP). 

<div class="infoBlock">
A CSP adds an extra layer of protection from any type of cross-site scripting, clickjacking, and data injection attacks.
</div>
```

> While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy (CSP). A CSP adds an extra layer of protection from any type of cross-site scripting, clickjacking, and data injection attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy (CSP). A CSP adds an extra layer of protection from any type of cross-site scripting, clickjacking, and data injection attacks.
```

Reviewer: Same here- unless it's optional.

Author: It actually depends on the type of content security policy a user is using for their website. Based on that, they might or might not need to allowlist the domain. Hence, its optional

Reviewer: thanks for clarifying, Isha!

> While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load. This is required as the JavaScript SDK uses a content security policy to add an extra layer of protection from any type of cross-site scripting, clickjacking, and data injection attacks.

Reviewer 2: This is incorrect. The SDK does not have anything to do with the CSP. The website owners define their own CSP.

Moreover, it's not always a requirement for users to allowlist the domain in their CSP as it depends on how the CSP is defined.

```suggestion
While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy (CSP). A CSP adds an extra layer of protection from any type of cross-site scripting, clickjacking, and data injection attacks.
```

> You can refer to the **Getting started** section of the specific <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/">destination's documentation</Link> to obtain the domain that might need to be allowlisted. 

Reviewer: When we say might, it looks like the allowlisting the domain may or may not be required. From what I understand, if we're using the destination in the device mode, allowlisting the domain is required, right?

> You can refer to the **Getting started** section of the specific <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/">destination's documentation</Link> to obtain the domain that might need to be allowlisted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to the **Getting started** section of the specific <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/">destination's documentation</Link> to obtain the domain that needs to be allowlisted. 
```

Reviewer: If the action is mandatory - we can include this change.

If it gives an `undefined` error, you need to verify the SDK installation.

## Allowlist destination domain

> While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy(CSP).

Reviewer 2: Instead of cross-referencing the repository, we should point them to the definition in the docs.

> While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy(CSP).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While using the JavaScript SDK with any [device mode destination](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js/tree/production/integrations), you might need to allowlist the domain from where the destination SDK will load in your content security policy (CSP).
```
